So in the implementation, we can write a function
has loop by passing the head of the linked list. Now declare
the pointers slow and fast and make both point to
head of the linked list.
Now we need to traverse the list till slow or
fast reach the last node or null.
So write while slow not equal to null and fast
not equal to null and fast next not equal to null.
And since we are advancing the fast pointer by two
positions, we are not only checking that node but also
it's next node is available or not.
So that's why we are giving this condition fast
next not equal to null
Now in each iteration of this loop, slow should move
one time and fast should move two times. So write slow
equal to slow next and fast equal to fast next next
And at any point if slow and fast
points to the same node then we can understand that
a loop is present here.
so write if slow equal to fast, then return 1
as a loop is present here
And if this while loop is terminated, it means there was
no loop present in the linked list. So return 0.